feat(fast-data): document the sv-retry mechanism (#714)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/configuration/single_view_creator.md

| SV_UPDATE_VERSION                   | -        | (v6.2.1 or higher) Define which version of the `sv-update` event should be emitted by the service. Accepted values are `v1.0.0` and `v2.0.0`. By default, for retro-compatibility, version `v1.0.0` is employed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | v1.0.0              |
| KAFKA_SV_RETRY_TOPIC                | -        | Topic name for the [Single View Retry](#single-view-retry) mechanism. This enables the system which uses a Kafka consumer and a Kafka producer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | -                   |

> | KAFKA_SV_RETRY_MAX_ATTEMPTS         | -        | Number of attempts allowed for a failed Projection Change. Defining `0` will **not** retry the failed aggregations but **will send the retry message to the DLQ**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | 5                   |

Reviewer: what is the DLQ here in this context? Has it been defined somewhere else? Otherwise we need a place to define what we mean as a DLQ in the Fast Data context. Otherwise we can say that the KAFKA_SV_RETRY_TOPIC is the DLQ

Author: You're right, I changed the DLQ keyword for topic so there's no confusion. The fact that the topic is the DLQ is specified in the sv-retry paragraph in the same page down below

| KAFKA_SV_RETRY_DELAY                | -        | Time in milliseconds in which the service buffers the retry messages before sending them. This is meant to reduce the impact on performace of sending the retry messages.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | 5000                |

:::caution

> If you want to enable any mechanism that uses Kafka in the Single View Creator, like the [Single View Patch](/fast_data/configuration/single_view_creator.md#single-view-patch), remember to declare the following environment variables: 

Reviewer 2: Could we mention first the SV Retry (I mean, before "like the Single View Patch")? Just to put more emphasizes on the former mechanism.

What do you think?

Author: Sound good, done!

Errors are categorized with a code that you will find in the `errorType` property of the Single View Error record.
These are the currently emitted codes:

| Code                             | Description                                                                                                                                                           | Retryable |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------: |
| NO_SV_GENERATED                  | Happens when the aggregation pipeline **unexpectedly** does not find the base projection record and thus returns empty                                                |  &cross;  |
| VALIDATION_ERROR                 | Happens when the result of an aggregation does not pass the validation defined by the user in the `validator.js`                                                      |  &cross;  |

> | ERROR_SEND_SVC_EVENT             | Happens when sending a Kafka message when aggregation is successful                                                                                                   |  &cross;  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ERROR_SEND_SVC_EVENT             | Happens when sevice fails to send a Kafka message to notify a successful aggregation                                                                                                   |  &cross;  |
```
What do you think about this version?

}
```

> ## Single View Retry

Reviewer: @ianFar96 aggiungiamo una tabella con il tipo di errore che viene generato e una spiegazione di quando viene generato? E se quell'errore è gestito dal meccanismo di sv-retry? Potresti anche creare un altro paragrafo, non lo metterei necessariamente nel sv-retry, alla fine la generazione dell'errore c'è a prescindere. Eventualmente è da mettere vicino a dove parliamo della collezione di sv-error (se ne parliamo) e così puoi aggiungere l'informazione che viene generata in Console nella sezione mongoDB CRUD

Author: Fatto, fatemi sapere @flower-of-the-bridges @TheRusCompass
